hey guys this evening I'm coming on
YouTube to ask you to donate some money
I'm asking for a few thousand dollars in
total so that I can follow through with
the promise that I made on this channel
to take during writer to court is this a
charity yes but it's a charity of a very
peculiar kind I remember a few months
ago the Erin Janice came on YouTube and
asked for a few thousand dollars to save
the life of one zebra and one donkey as
vegans were used to a particular type of
charity whether it's supporting animal
shelter or supporting a protest movement
even supporting the creation of videos
here on YouTube with the vague hope that
by making those videos we're going to
create a better future for ourselves and
for the planet the type of charity I'm
asking to contribute to tonight is in
fact a charity that will take a stand in
a very direct way having very direct
outcomes take a stand against the use of
violence and defamation within veganism
right now in the year 2016 in the last
five years man named durianrider has
boasted that he has been the world's
most effective vegan activist I can't
say he's been the most effective but he
has definitely been one of the most
influential he's taken the name of
veganism and he's dragged it through the
mud and he's taken the name of a long
list of individuals and dragged those
names to the mud as well my name is only
one he's done it to me he's done it to
others he's done it before he's going to
do it again and even now even when he
makes videos that supposedly apologize
from one or two things in those same
videos in those same few minutes he's
making up new lies new malicious
statements new slander
on some level we all know this game is
not going to stop until we force it to
stop because we've all seen him playing
the same game for years it's a game
that's had terrible devastating
consequences for some of the individuals
whom he's targeted but worse than that
and more generally it's discredited
veganism itself I see veganism
fundamentally as a very wholesome social
cause it's something morally good and in
a sense that something nutritionally
good as well it's something you can
recommend your grandparents do it's
something you can recommend your
grandchildren do veganism at its most
simple level is a man in a subway
station looking at a tray of muffins and
doughnuts and he's hungry but he decides
that on a point of moral principle he's
not going to buy anything he's going to
get on the train and he's going to wait
another half hour because he knows that
invisibly those muffins happen to
contain eggs and he doesn't want to make
that compromise even though there's
nobody else watching there's nobody
who's going to blame him there are
millions of people all around him for
whom it's the most natural and normal
thing to eat eggs products like muffins
made with eggs on a daily basis but he
decides no the principle of the thing
matters he cares enough about the ethics
about the ecology both the animals to
take that stand in his own small way
invisibly day after day and to go hungry
even if it's just for those few minutes
so that he doesn't have to make that
ethical compromise that's something
simple and beautiful and wholesome and
pure we all can do it and in terms of
who's watching this video we all do it
on a daily basis and in the name of
proposing
in the name promoting veganism as a
lifestyle as something glamorous as
something that had to do with weight
loss and bikinis and bicycles and
celebrity gossip durianrider and people
like him have taken the name of veganism
and made it something shameful this
whole debacle I think we can all agree
is shameful and I wish I was here asking
you to donate money to something as
simple and wholesome and pure as saving
the life of one zebra or one monkey or
one dolphin but I'm not I'm asking you
to donate money so the durianrider will
be legally accountable for the crimes
that he's committed and that most of you
have seen that he's committed with your
own eyes some of you will donate out of
a sense of justice and injustice some of
you will donate because you're mad
because you want revenge maybe because
you've suffered yourself or your friends
have suffered from this man's conduct
and misconduct over the last five years
but some of you I hope will donate
because when you look back at what
veganism became over the last five years
when you look at the shameful tobacco of
just the last few months you think I
want the next five years to be different
we can do something better we can do
something positive veganism should not
be a game the cruel vicious games that
people like durianrider have been
playing have to stop I'm asking you to
take a stand and to donate money so the
future of veganism definitively is one
that is not based on defamation that is
not based on threats of violence the
reality is that people like durianrider
get away with the game they're playing
because in the one hand they offer
people the promise of fame and money
and the other hand people like
durianrider are wealthy enough that they
can go to court that they can settle out
of court that they can pay lawyers and
they can win if you donate this money I
can't guarantee that my lawyers will win
I can't guarantee their outcomes but I
can guarantee that this is the right
thing to do and while people like
durianrider may show themselves as poor
may sit on the floor of their kitchen or
sit around on the floor of their hotel
room film themselves sitting on the curb
with their bicycle the reality is we all
know just how much money they've made
from youtube from the sale of diet books
etc these are wealthy powerful and
influential people who've done real harm
to me personally and have done real harm
to because for the rest of my life I'm
going to have to cope with the fact that
my employers can put my name into Google
and see it attached to pedophile wife
beater sexual predator numerous other
ridiculous allegations the during right
are made and you watching this video
most of you now have seen enough of the
evidence to know that none of those
allegations at any basis in fact but my
boss the people who hired me to start a
job you're in China in a few months will
they know that it's quite possible this
will have real negative impacts for me
for the rest of my life but more
importantly if we don't take a moral
stand if we don't ask this to stop it's
not going to stop
in many cases social change only happens
when good people stand up and demand it
and this evil that we've all witness
together happened because for so long
good people stood by and did nothing